Post Exploitation Enumeration
This is a good point to take a step back
and look at what we have so far.
We have two compromised
Linux Hosts: Ajla and Zora.
The first host runs in
the external network
and the second in
the internal network.
We also have Poultry, a Windows
host that is joined to a domain,
compromised in the internal network.
Finally, we are currently in
the process of compromising Cevapi.
Before we start poking
around Cevapi too much,
we’ll first check what the
current user’s permissions are.
We can do this with the priv option
of the whoami command.
Most of the privileges seem standard, but
Se Impersonate Privilege stands out.
The description states that it allows us
to “Impersonate a client
after authentication”.
We’ll make a mental note of this
permission as we continue to enumerate.
Next, we can gather some basic
information about the system
to see what version of OS we are
running and what Cevapi’s patch level is.
Based on the output, we can gather that
Cevapi is running on Windows 10 pro.
According to the Windows 10
version history,
build 15603 was released on April 5, 2017.
Since this build of Windows
is not the most recent,
we'll make a mental note of it.
We also find that it has
eight hotfixes installed.
This might be useful later if we
attempt to elevate our privileges
by exploiting a Windows OS vulnerability.
We also see that this target
is joined to the domain.
Let’s go back to the
SeImpersonate privilege.
A quick Google search leads us to an
exploit with the name of “Juicy Potato”.
Juicy Potato describes itself as “Another
Local Privilege Escalation tool”.
This sounds exactly like what
we need so let’s dig a bit deeper.